Docs updates (#1166)
hyperledger-labs/splice: docs/src/validator_operator/validator_helm.rst

``minTopupInterval`` is automatically stretched so that at least ``minTopupAmount`` bytes of traffic are
purchased while respecting the configured ``targetThroughput``.

For example:

> `targetThroughput:20000` (0.02MB) with `minTopupInterval:1m` is indicating that your node will use 0.02MB of traffic every second for a period of 60 seconds (Equivalent to 1,200,000 byes or 1.2MB). 

Reviewer: I think the description of "for a period of XX" is misleading and sounds like it's a once-time thing. 
```suggestion
`targetThroughput:20000` (0.02MB) with `minTopupInterval:1m` is indicating that your node is expected use 0.02MB of traffic every second, and the balance should be checked and topped-up if needed every 60 seconds. 
```
